Add `lookup` option documentation (#1483)
sindresorhus/got: readme.md

});
```

> ###### lookup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### dnsLookup
```

?

Author: Actually is called `lookup` should we change the name?

Since we are near Got 12 I think the name should be changed in it.

Reviewer: Yeah, I was asking if you should rename it. I think we should.

Author: Let's leave it as `lookup` and then change it in Got 12. If there are going to be a reasonable number of dns related options we could create a `dns` option that includes all of them.

Reviewer: Added it to https://github.com/sindresorhus/got/issues/1466

> Type: `Function`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `Function`\
```

> Default `dns.lookup`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default: `dns.lookup`
```

also it may be worth to link dns.lookup to the Node.js doc page

> Custom lookup function.

Reviewer: Can we maybe succinctly explain what "lookup" means?

Author: Maybe something like: "Custom lookup function. Use it to implement a custom DNS resolution logic"

Reviewer: How about:

> Custom DNS resolution logic.

> The function signature is the same of `dns.lookup`, please refer to the Node.js documentation page for more information https://nodejs.org/api/dns.html#dns_dns_lookup_hostname_options_callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function signature is the same as [`dns.lookup`](https://nodejs.org/api/dns.html#dns_dns_lookup_hostname_options_callback).
```

Custom lookup function.

> The function signature is the same of `dns.lookup`, please refer to the Node.JS documentation page for more information https://nodejs.org/api/dns.html#dns_dns_lookup_hostname_options_callback

Reviewer 2: Node.JS -> Node.js
